Rename `ghi_from_poa_driesse_2023` to `ghi_from_poa_driesse_2024` (#2777)
pvlib/pvlib-python: docs/sphinx/source/whatsnew/v0.15.2.rst

Deprecations
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> * Rename :py:func:`~pvlib.irradiance.ghi_from_poa_driesse_2023` to

Reviewer: It blows my mind that this does not raise an error for an nonexistent identifier in the docs [1], but whatever. I was going to suggest the `!` modifier [2] instead, but you can keep it like that if you want.

[1] https://app.readthedocs.org/projects/pvlib-python/builds/33061457/
[2] https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/referencing.html#xref-modifiers

Author: Good point, I forgot about this

  :py:func:`~pvlib.irradiance.ghi_from_poa_driesse_2024`. The year now reflects

>   the publication data. The old name will be removed in v0.17.0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  :py:func:`~pvlib.irradiance.ghi_from_poa_driesse_2024`. The year now correctly reflects
  the publication date. The old name will be removed in v0.17.0.
```

Maybe an improvement, up to you

Author: Thanks for picking up on this.

I fixed the typo on data/date but didn't add currently. I prefer the shorter version (usually my preference where possible); previously indicated finalization/submission date, now indicates publication date.
